it's Steve masters with God game we're
behind the scenes at e3 Bethesda has a
beautiful set up here that's amazing
isn't it love it it's great and a lot of
people are really excited about elder
scrolls online the Elder Scrolls you
know fan base has just grown
exponentially over the years I don't
have to tell you how huge it is you're
working on it yes so tell us what can
fans expect when this thing actually
goes live pretty soon it's pretty much
Elder Scrolls the things that you're
familiar with from you know Morrowind
oblivion Skyrim all the way back to
daggerfall it's just that online with
friends so if you were playing as your
character in daggerfall and i'm playing
with mine we can play together tell us
about the actual space in the worlds
that will be able to explore there's
three alliances one is all married
dominion they kind of occupy the area in
the south there's Daggerfall covenant
they're up in the northwest and then
there's ebonheart pact they're in the
Northeast ebonheart pact is very
familiar to players because it was
Skyrim so that's where like the Nords
the dark elves and the oregonian's exist
whereas daggerfall is the Breton's red
garden works and in the south you have
the High Elves what else and the Akagi
so there's three areas for people to
play in and they're huge places to play
it now if you did play skyrim with the
little towns be familiar to you the
streets are kind of the same is
everything the same yeah there's a lot
of areas that especially like each march
that we looked at from skyrim in my part
of the game which is the pvp space which
is Cyril from oblivion we looked at a
lot of the footprints of like coral
Bruma caiden hall and took a look at
those to make sure we were faithful to
the layout but we did do some new things
with it when you get in there so you're
not like oh they just carbon copy this
space it will look familiar to you for
Skyrim and well as oblivion so you'll
feel at home but it will be a little bit
different because its way in the past
from those games just walk us through
say Europe you know a console player and
you played elder scrolls and you loved
Skyrim why would you want to get online
and play this the primary reason is to
play with your buddies you people always
commented when they were playing skyrim
i love the game I love seeing my
character advance but nobody else can
see my character advance like I may look
like a badass
and I look like a badass to myself only
so being able to play with your buddies
is a huge thing where you can actually
say hey look at the gear that I've
earned your hey look at this cool acts
that I found and being able to play with
your friends and interact like there are
certain bosses where you know you may
have had a hard time doing by yourself
now you can say hey come and help me out
play it and we can both take out this
monster together so it's awesome to be
able to play with your friends would you
say you're going to compete with the
world of warcraft people I say we're
looking to compete with lots of RPGs out
there whether it's you know a single
player RPG or a multiplayer RPG we're
looking to make a triple a RPG first and
then let you play that with your friends
so it's more along the lines of making
the best Elder Scrolls game we have and
then letting people play it together
free-to-play model are you going to put
out an actual physical disk that people
need to go by and then install how's it
going to work well we'll be discussing
more about pricing model and
distribution later on so that's the best
I can tell you for the time that's still
a secret yeah for now you haven't
decided yet whether to charge money for
it or not but either way you'll do sort
of microtransactions or does that
something you're talking about to
unfortunately we're not talking about
that either but I mean you will
obviously have to you know get the game
it'll be cost to a triple a title and
then you'll play it on your own pc as
well or obviously now ps4 xbox one and
mac all right so you are going to
support the next generation because this
will be a playable title for playstation
4 and xbox one but not playstation 3 or
go to the next gens pc and mac okay
great thanks for clearing that up short
quickly when you when you want to get in
and play Elder Scrolls online you create
your own character from the beginning
and how long could that typically take
if you wanted it to take forever could
it or if you want to sit there on the
character creation screen until fiddle
with all the knobs and things that are
out there you can the character creator
is ridiculously in-depth we've seen here
at e3 people just sit there and play
with it for like 10 20 minutes at a time
so you can make your character look
exactly how you want and we have more
options that we keep adding back at the
studio different hairstyles like scars
on your eye so we're adding more and
more to the character creator and then
in terms of the life of your character
there's about 120 to 180 hours or so
within your own Alliance but then you
can go playing the other alliances
territory as well and there's of course
the PvP space which is cereal that is
basically limitless play there you can
basically play this game for the rest of
your life eat and sleep minimally and
just keep going yep that's what that's
what I hope to be doing myself actually
when it comes out I'm going to be
playing that like crazy not only the PvE
but the PvP it's going to be great
fantastic tell us what your favorite
thing is how do you set up your
character favorite weapon favorite thing
to do a lot of the the flights which is
the PvP aspect I do a lot of a sorcerer
who has some ranged abilities wearing
heavy armor and dual wielding like
that's something people here that you
can do that they go you can wear any
armor and use any weapon and I love
mixing it up like I don't want people to
see me in a robe and go oh he's a caster
because I've been a dragon knight which
is a melee character and I've had a robe
on so people think I'm all soft and then
jump me on to kick their ass with with
my melee weapon so it's a crazy
combinations you can make with classes
to combination of trickery and heavy
armor and dual wielding oh yeah all
kinds of things you can even whip out a
bow we allow you to have two types of
weapons equipped you can be dual
wielding with a bow on backup or a fire
staff and a healing staff together so
the combinations are really limitless
right now the beta signups are taking
place correct that's right we're
actually only beta go ahead sorry we're
actually in closed beta now we've had
people playing the the beta playing
through the Daggerfall covenant like
everybody here at e3 for a while
how many people total are allowed to get
in right now and I can't tell you that
specifically but it's definitely you
know not just the like only here we only
have like 30 stations but it's a lot
more than that that are playing right
now good and then you're going to open
it up to the entire world where the game
will be live in public and you if you
need to go out and buy the actual game
when will that be available and what you
don't know the price yet but when
pricing we're still like I said waiting
to give that out but it's looking for
spring 2014 as when it's going to be
available for all platforms alright so
we got to wait till next year but thank
you so much for spending time with us no
problem is great that you guys got to
see it and hope you guys see online
that's right it's Steve masters here at
e3 on got game calm thank you very much